Lolita, the light of my life, the fire of my loins. My sin, my soul

my. Lo-li-ta: the tip of the tongue makes a three-step journey down the spine.

to the roof of your mouth, so that you can bump into your teeth on the third one. Lo. Li. Ta.

She was a Lo, just a Lo, in the morning, five feet tall (without any hair).

two tops and one sock. She was Lola in long pants.

She was Dolly at school. She was Dolores on the dotted line of forms."

she was always in my arms: Lolita.

Did she have any predecessors? Of course they were... More

I will say: and Lolita would not have turned out at all if I had not fallen in love with her.

one distant summer, one primordial girl. In a certain sense

a principality by the sea (almost like Po).

When was that, eh?"

Approximately the same number of years before Lolita was born as

I was that summer. You can always rely on the killer in

with regard to the intricacy of prose.

Dear female and male jurors, Exhibit Number

The first is what the Edgarovs were so envious of

seraphim - poorly informed, simple-minded, noble-winged

the seraphim... Look at this tangle of thorns.


I was born in Paris in 1910. My father was different

soft of heart, easy of temper - and a whole vinaigrette of genes:

there was a Swiss citizen, half-French, half-Austrian, with a Danube river.

veined. I'm going to give out some pretty ones,

glossy blue postcards.

He owned a luxury hotel on the Riviera. His father and

both grandfathers traded in wine, diamonds, and silks.

by yourself. At the age of thirty, he married an Englishwoman, the daughter of a mountaineer

Jerome Dunne, granddaughter of two Dorset pastors who are experts in the history of

intricate subjects: paleopedology and Aeolian harps

(distribute them yourself). Circumstances and cause of my death

very photogenic mothers were quite original (picnic,

lightning); I was only three years old at the time, and apart from some

a warm cul-de-sac in the darkest past, I don't have anything from her.

left in the hollows and hollows of memory, behind which-if you

still able to stand my syllable (I write under supervision) - sits down

the sun of my infancy: you all probably know these words.

the balmy remnants of the day that hang with the midges above

some blooming hedge that you suddenly find yourself in on the road.

walking through them, at the foot of the hill, in the summer

dusk - deep warmth, golden midges.

Her mother's older sister, Sybil, who was married to a cousin

my father's brother, who soon left her, lived with us

in the house as a free governess or housekeeper.

I later heard that she was in love with my father, and that

once, on a rainy day, he thoughtfully took advantage of it.

I forgot everything as soon as the weather cleared up. I was

extremely attached to her, despite the severity - fatal

severity - some of its rules. Maybe she wanted to do

I'm a more virtuous widower than my father. At Aunt Sybil's

her eyes were azure and rimmed with pink, and her complexion was waxy.

She wrote poetry. She was poetically superstitious. She said she knew,

When he dies - which is when I turn sixteen-and

and so it happened. Her husband, a seasoned traveller from a perfume company

firms, spent most of his time in America, where at the end of

I started my own business and bought some property.

I grew up as a happy, healthy child in the bright world of books with

pictures, clean sand, orange trees, friendly people

dogs, sea urchins, and smiling faces. All around me is gorgeous

The Mirana Palace Hotel revolved around a private universe, a whitewashed

chalk space, in the middle of another, blue, huge,

sparked from the outside. From the aproned kitchen man to the king

in a summer suit, everyone loved me, everyone spoiled me. Elderly people

The American women leaned over me, leaning on their walking sticks.

Leaning Towers of Pisa. Ruined Russian princesses could not pay

to my father, but they bought me expensive candy. Aka, mon cher

Petit rara, used to take me boating and cycling,

he taught me to swim, dive, water ski, read to me

Don Quixote and Les Miserables, and I adored and revered him, and

I was happy for him when I overheard the servants talking.

they discuss his various mistresses-affectionate beauties,

who took a lot of time with me, cooing over me and spilling blood.

precious tears over my quite hilarious motherlessness.

I went to an English school that was several miles away.

miles from home, where I played rockets and fives (hitting the ball).

hit the wall with a racket or a hand, got excellent marks and

he got along well with both his friends and mentors. До

Thirteen years old (i.e., before I met my little Annabella)

As far as I remember, I had only two experiences

definitely of the sexual order: solemn decent and

exclusively theoretical talk about some unexpected things

the phenomena of adolescence, which took place in the rose garden of the school with

an American boy, the son of a famous then

a cinematic actress he rarely saw in the world.

measurements; and quite an interesting response from my

take a look at pearl-matte shots with endlessly delicate lips.

shadow recesses in Pichon's lush album "La Beaute Humaine",

which I quietly pulled out one day from under a pile of marble volumes

London "Graphic" in the hotel library. Later father, co

with his usual complacency, he gave me information of this kind,

which he thought I might need; that was in the fall

In 1923, before I entered the gymnasium in Lyon (where I was born).

I had three winters to spend; but it was the summer of that year

my father, alas, was absent-he was traveling around Italy with Mme

de R. and her daughter , so I had no one to complain to, not with her.

who to consult.

Annabella was, like the author, of mixed parentage.

in this case-English and Dutch. Currently I remember

her features were much less distinct than he remembered them before.

I met Lolita. Visual memory has two approaches:

- you manage to create an image in the brain lab skillfully, without having to

closing one eye (and then Annabella introduces herself to me in general terms).

terms like "honey-colored skin", "thin hands",

"cropped brown hair", "long eyelashes", " big bright

mouth"; in another case, you close your eyes and instantly call for help.

dark inner side of the eyelids objective, optical, extreme

Faithful reproduction of your favorite traits: the little ghost in the

natural colors (and that's how I see Lolita).

Let me therefore limit my description of Annabella to

with the decorous remark that it was a charming girl for several years.

months younger than me. Her parents, surnamed Leigh, are old

my aunt's friends, like Aunt Sybil, were as scrupulous about their own affairs.

respect for decency. They were renting a villa near the Mirana .

This bald, brown Mr. Li and the fat, powdered Lady

Lee (born Vanessa van Ness) I hated it so much. First we are with

Annabella was being talked around, so to speak. That's what it is

Delo picked up a handful of fine beach sand and gave it to him

fall through your fingers. Our brains were tuned to match the smart ones

to European teenagers of that time and environment, and I doubt it,

so that you can find any individual talent

in our interest in the multiplicity of inhabited worlds, tennis

competitions, infinity, solipsism, and the like.

The tenderness and vulnerability of the young animals aroused something in both of us.

the same acute suffering. She wanted to be a nurse in the hospital.

Some starving Asian country; I dreamed of being

a famous spy.

All of a sudden, we were madly in love with each other,

clumsily, shamelessly, painfully; I might add, hopelessly, because

our frenzied desire for mutual possession could be

it would be satisfied only if each of us really absorbed and

I have assimilated every particle of the other's body and soul; yet we don't even know what it is.

they could find places where they could copulate, as they easily do

slum kids. After one failed late-night date at her apartment,

the garden (about which in the next chapter) is the only thing that we needed

allowed, in the sense of meetings, is to lie within reach

adults, visually, if not audibly, on the part of the beach where

there were only the most people. There, on the soft sand, a few feet away

a few steps away from the elders, we lay in a dazed frenzy all morning

and they took advantage of every blessed flaw in their love life.

fabrics of time and space to touch each other:

her hand, through the sand, crept up to me, moved closer and closer.

closer, moving his narrow, tanned fingers, and then hers.

the mother-of-pearl knee went on the same long, careful journey.

travel; sometimes a random rampart constructed by other children

younger, serving as a cover for a quick salty kiss;

these imperfect contacts brought our healthy and

inexperienced bodies to such a degree of irritation that even the coolness

blue water, under which we continued to pursue our goal,

she couldn't calm us down.

Among the treasures I lost in my later wanderings,

there was a small photograph taken by my aunt that captured

a group of people sitting at a sidewalk cafe table: Annabella, her mother, and her mother.

parents and a very sedate Dr. Cooper, a lame old man,

who was courting Aunt Sybil that summer. Annabella didn't come out.

Too good, because I was caught in the moment when she did it.

I was going to take a sip of my chocolat face, and only on the skinny naked

the shoulders and parting in the middle could be recognized as hers (since I remember the picture)

among the solar turbidity, in which gradually and irrevocably

Her beauty crossed over, and I, sitting in profile, was a little surprised.

apart from the others, he came out with some dramatic relief:

a sullen, thick-browed boy in a dark sports shirt and white jeans.

well-cut shorts, crossing his legs and looking out the window.

side. The photo was taken on the last day of our fateful journey.

summer, just a few minutes before our second and last

attempts to deceive fate. Under some extremely transparent

an excuse (there was no other chance, and nothing else mattered

values) we left the cafe for the beach, where we finally found

a secluded place, and there, in the purple shade of pink rocks,

As we formed a sort of cave, we quickly exchanged greedy glances.

weasels, the only witness of which were dropped by someone

dark glasses. I was on my knees, ready to take my hand.

darling, how suddenly two bearded bathers - grandfather of the sea

and his brother-came out of the water shouting obscene things.

four months later, she died of typhus on the island.

I flip through these pathetic memories again and again and that's it

I ask myself if it's from there, if it's from the splendor of that place.

a long-ago summer crack went through my whole life. Or maybe

perhaps my acute fascination with this child was only the first

a sign of congenital perversion? When I try to understand the

In my past desires, intentions, actions, I succumb to a certain

reverse imagination, which feeds the analytical ability

the possibilities are limitless, so that anyone who presents himself to me

the past path splits endlessly into forks in the stupefyingly complex

memory loss. I am sure, however, that magical and fatal

"Lolita started with Annabella.

I also know that Annabella's death cemented dissatisfaction

that delusional summer and became an obstacle to any other

love during the cold years of my youth. Spiritual and physical

it merged in our love in such a perfect measure that it did not exist before.

dreamed of today's just looking at everything teenagers with their

simple feelings and cliched brains. Long after her

And I could feel her thoughts flowing through mine. Long before

before we met, we had the same dreams. We compared milestones.

They found strange similarities. In June of the same year

(1919) to her house and to my house, in two non-contiguous countries,

a canary fluttered in. Oh, Lolita, if you only loved me

so!

I've reserved a description of our meeting for the end of my story about Annabella.

a miserable first date. Late one night, she managed to

deceive the malicious vigilance of parents. In a grove of nervous trees,

among the thin-leaved mimosa trees, behind the villa, we found a spot on the

the ruins of a low stone wall. In the dark, through the gentle

The trees were covered with arabesques of the villa's lighted windows.

now, lightly touched up with colored ink sensitive

For example, I would compare it to playing cards (partly, maybe,

because the enemy was playing bridge there.) She shuddered and

She twitched as I kissed the corner of her parted lips and the back of her mouth.

a hot earlobe. A scattering of stars burned palely above us between them

silhouettes of elongated leaves: this responsive abyss seemed to be

as naked as she was under her light dress. "

against the sky, her face stood out with a strange clarity, as if from the sun.

it gave off a faint glow of its own. Her legs, her lovely legs

lively legs, were not too tightly clenched, and when my hand

I found what I was looking for, an expression of some kind of mermaid's beauty.

dreaminess - either pain or pleasure-appeared on her face.

a child's face. Sitting a little higher than me, she is in her lonely bliss

she was reaching for my lips, her head bowed sleepily.,

with a languid movement that was almost pained, and her bare hands were still wet.

my knees caught and squeezed my hand, then went weak again. Her trembling

mouth twisting with the bitterness of the mysterious potion, with a slight gasp

coming close to my face. She tried to soothe the pain of love.,

that abruptly she rubbed her dry lips against mine, but suddenly she swerved away from me.

with an impetuous flutter of her curls, and then again she clung gloomily to me.

She allowed me to feed on her open mouth, while I,

magnanimously ready to give her everything-my heart, my throat,

I let her hold the scepter in her clumsy fist.

passion.

I remember the smell of some kind of powder - which I think she stole from me.

spanish maid mother - sweet, cheap, musky

it smelled like her own sponge cake, and it was a little sweet.

suddenly the cup of my senses was filled to the brim; an unexpected

a commotion under a nearby bush prevented them from spilling over. We froze and

they listened to the noise with a painful shudder in their veins,

produced, probably, just by a hunted cat. But

At the same time, alas, Mrs. Li's voice came from the direction of the house,

calling out to his daughter with wildly increasing ripples, and Dr. Cooper

he limped heavily out of the porch and into the garden. But this mimosa patch,

the mist of stars, the chill, the fire, the honeydew, and my torment were left with me.

me, and this girl with her legs ironed by the sea and a fiery face.

It has haunted me ever since , until at last

Twelve-four years later, I didn't break the spell by resurrecting her

in another one.

The days of my youth, as I look back on them, seem to fly away from me.

me in a pale swirl of repeated scraps, like morning mint

used pieces of paper visible to an American express passenger

through the rear observation window of the last car they were in.

they curl. In my hygienic relations with women, I was

practical, mocking, and quick. During my university years in

In London and Paris, I was satisfied with paid trips. My classes

they were diligent and diligent in their studies, but not very fruitful.

At first I thought of becoming a psychiatrist, like so many losers; but I

I was a special loser; I was strangely tired

(I have to go to the doctor - such a longing); and I went on to study

English literature, which is used more than once

the empty-flower poet, turning into a professor with a pipe, in a jacket

made of good quality wool. The Paris of the thirties was a good time for me.

I discussed Soviet films with American writers.

I sat with the Uranists in the cafe Des Deux Magots. I was typing

tortuous sketches in poorly read magazines. I wrote parodies - on

Eliot, for example:

Let Fraulein von Kulp still hold on

Behind the door bracket, it will turn around... No,

I won't follow her or the Mural.

Not after that seagull...

One of my works, entitled " The Proustian theme in writing

Keats to Benjamin Bailey, " which elicited grins of approval from everyone.

six or seven scientists who have read it. I set out to write a " Brief

a history of English poetry " for a publisher with a big name, and

then he began to compose that textbook of French literature (co

comparative examples from the English literature) for

American and British readers, who had to

keep me busy for the forties and the last volume

which was almost ready for publication on the day of my arrest.

I found a service: I taught English to a group of adults

Parisians of the sixteenth arrondissement. Then, during two winters, there was

a male gymnasium teacher. Sometimes I used dating sites in

among psychiatrists and public health professionals, in order to

visit various institutions with them, such as orphanages

orphanages and schools for juvenile delinquents, where on pale, with

With the clumped lashes of adolescent girls, I could look down from that full moon.

the impunity that dreams give us.

And now I want to state the following idea. Within the age range

girls meet between the ages of nine and fourteen,

which, for some enchanted wanderers, is twice or many times as much

once older than them, they discover their true essence-the essence

not human, but nymphic (i.e., demonic); and these

I propose to call the little chosen ones this way: nymphets.

The reader will notice that I replace spatial concepts with

concepts of time. More than that: I'd like him to see

these limits, 9-14, are like visible outlines (mirrored shoals,

scarlet rocks) of the enchanted island where these moi are found

nymphets and which is surrounded by a wide misty ocean.

The question is: are all girls within these age limits -

nymphets? Of course not. Otherwise, we, the initiated, we, the lonely

sailors, we nympholeptsmen, would have gone mad long ago. But also beauty

It also does not serve as a criterion, while vulgarity (or something else) is not a criterion.

at least, what is called vulgarity in this or that environment is not

excludes without fail the presence of those mysterious features-that

a strange, dreamlike grace, that elusive, changeable beauty.,

soul-killing, insinuating charms-which distinguish

a nymphet from peers who are incomparably more dependent on

from the spatial world of one-time phenomena, rather than from the weightless one

islands of enchanted time, where Lolita plays with her kind.

Within the same age limits, the number of real nymphets is much higher

less than the number of ugly or just "cute" (TM), or even

"cute", but quite ordinary, plump, baggy,

cold-skinned, human-looking girls with round eyes

tummies, with pigtails, such as may or may not later

turn into beautiful, as they say, women (look at the

another nasty little crumpet in black stockings and a white hat,

reincarnating into a wondrous star of the screen). If you ask for it

a normal person to mark the prettiest on the group

in a picture of schoolgirls or girl Scouts, he doesn't always poke a nymphet.

You have to be an artist and a madman, playing endless games.

sorrows, with a bubble of hot poison in the root of the body and

a super-voluptuous flame, forever burning in the sensitive ridge (o,

how we have to shiver and bury ourselves!), in order to find out immediately, by

inexplicable signs - on the slightly feline outline of the cheekbones, on the

fineness and silkiness of the members and other signs,

to list which despair, shame, tears of tenderness forbid me

"a small, deadly demon in a crowd of ordinary children:

she, the nymphet, stands among them, unrecognized and unaware of herself

its fabulous power.

And yet: in view of the primacy of time in this witchcraft business, the scientific

the employee should be prepared to take into account that the following information is required:

a difference of several years (I would say at least ten, but usually

at thirty or forty , and up to ninety in the few known cases.

in some cases) between a girl and a man so that he can

fall under the spell of a nymphet. This is a question of adaptation

lens, a matter of some distance, which is internal

the eye with pleasant excitement prevails, and the question of some

the contrast that the mind perceives with the spasm of perverse pleasure.

"When I was a Child and she was a child" (Sun Edgar

My Annabella wasn't a nymphet to me: I was her

my equal; in hindsight, I was a faun myself on the same charmed island.

on the island of time; but now, in September 1952, after the expiration of the

Twenty-nine years old, I think I can see in her

the original fatal obsession. We loved with premature love,

characterized by that frenzy that so often breaks up life

mature people. I was a strong lad, and I survived; but the poison remained

in the wound, and now I have grown up in the bosom of our civilization, which

allows a man to be attracted to a sixteen-year-old girl, but does not

a twelve-year-old girl.

So, it's no wonder that my adult life in Europe was a bit of a mess.

monstrously ambivalent. In the outside I had the so called normal

intercourse with earth-born women who have pumpkin breasts or

Pears, but inside I was burned in a concentrated infernal furnace

the lust aroused in me by every nymphet I meet, to

which I, being a law-respecting coward, did not dare to approach.

The bulky human females I was allowed

to use them, they served only as a palliative. I'm willing to believe that

The sensations I extracted from natural coitus were as follows:

more or less to those who experience normal large

men hanging out with normal big women in that routine

a rhythm that shakes the world; but the trouble is that these gentlemen

I did not have the chance, as I did, to get a glimpse incomparably

more piercing bliss. The faintest of my k's to a haze

the world of dreams was a thousand times more colorful than the adulteries that had been committed.

the manliest genius or the most talented impotent could

imagine it. My world was split. I sensed more than one presence,

but of the two sexes, neither of which was mine; both were

female for the anatomist; for me, who looked through a special lens.

through the prism of feelings, "they were as different from each other as they were from each other."

dream and mast". All this I now rationalize, but in my twenties -

For twenty-five years I have not been so clear about my suffering.

My body knew exactly what it was craving, but my mind refused to accept it.

his every plea. Sometimes I was afraid and ashamed, sometimes I was afraid.

reckless optimism. I was stifled by social restrictions.

Psychoanalysts beckoned me with a pseudo-release from

libidobeliberds. What are the only objects of a love letter?

Annabella's sisters, confidantes, and friends were awestruck to me.

The corps de ballet, I sometimes thought, was an omen

insanity. Sometimes I told myself that it all depends on

and that, in fact, there is nothing wrong with the fact that

I'm freaking out about little girls. Let me remind you

to the reader, that in England, since the law was passed (in

1933) on Children and Young Persons, the term " girl child "(vol.

e. girl) is defined as "a female person who has from

born over eight and under fourteen years of age" (after which, from

fourteen to seventeen, the statute defines this person as

"a young lady"). On the other hand, in America, namely in

Massachusetts; the term "wayward child" (wayward child) refers to

technically to a girl between seven and seventeen years old who

"communicates with vicious and immoral persons." Hugh Broughton,

a polemical writer of the time of James the First, proved that Rahab

she was a harlot when she was ten years old. All this is extremely interesting, and I

I assume you can already see how my mouth is foaming.

a fit - but no, nothing foams, I just let out a leach

colorful fleas of happy thoughts in the appropriate cup.

Here are more pictures. Here is Virgil, who (to quote the old

English poet) "a nymphet in the tone of one sang", although throughout

he preferred the boy's peritoneum. Here are two of the more

the unripe daughters of King Ahnaten and his Queen Nefertiti, at

there were six of them-Nile, shaven-headed, and naked

(nothing but lots of rows of beads), with soft brown

puppy-paunchy, with long ebony eyes, calm

sitting on pillows and completely intact after three thousand

years. Here are a number of ten-year-old brides who are being forced to sit on the couch.

fascinium-ivory stake in temples of the classical

educational institutions. Marriage and cohabitation with children occur more

quite common in some areas of India. So,

eighty-year-old Lepchans are combined with eight-year-olds

girls, and who cares. After all Dante is mad

He fell in love with his Beatrice when she was only nine years old.,

so sparkly, painted, and lovely, in a scarlet dress with a red head.

expensive stones, and this was in 1274, in Florence, on the

a private feast, in the merry month of May. When is Petrarch mad

I fell in love with my Laurina, who was a blonde nymphet of twelve

years, running in the wind, through dust and flowers, itself as flying

flower, in the midst of a beautiful plain, visible from the Vaucluse hills.

But let's be prim and cultured. Humbert Humbert

I tried very hard to be good. By God, I tried. It applied to

extremely careful to ordinary children, to their cleanliness, open

and would not, under any circumstances, infringe on the rights of the child.

the child's innocence, if there was even the remotest possibility

the scandal. But how the poor man's heart beat when, in the midst of an innocent

in the crowd of children, he noticed a demon child, " enfant charmante et

fourbe " - hazy eyes, bright lips, ten years of hard labor,

if you show her that you're looking at her. So life went on. Humbert was

He was perfectly capable of having intercourse with Eve, but Lilith was the one he was talking about.

he was dreaming. Kidney-shaped stage in breast development early (at 10

7/10 years) occurs in a series of somatic changes,

accompanying the approach of puberty. And the next one

a well-known feature is the first appearance (at 11 2/10 years)

pigmented hairs. My cup is full of fleas.

A shipwreck. Coral island. I'm alone with my cold daughter

a drowned passenger. My dear, this is only a game! What kind

Wonderful adventures I used to imagine sitting on a hard bench

in a city park and pretending to be immersed in a dying book.

Nymphets frolicked freely around the peaceful polymath, as if he were a child.

he was a well-regarded park statue, or part of the chiaroscuro beneath

an old tree. Once a perfect beauty in a Scottish

Petticoat slammed her heavily armed foot down on the floor beside me.

a bench to dip your bare hands into me and tighten your belt

A rollerblade, and I disappeared into the sun, replacing the old man with the old man.

a fig leaf in a book, while her brown curls fell on her face.

A scratched knee, and the tree shade I shared with her,

it pulsed and melted on her calf, shining so close to mine

chameleon cheeks. Another time, a red-haired schoolgirl hung over me.

I was in a subway car with an orange fluff under her arm.

a revelation that's been in my blood for weeks. I could

retell a lot of this kind of one-sided miniature

novels. The ending of some of them was seasoned with hell

the drug. Sometimes, for example, I noticed from the balcony at night, in

in a lighted window across the street, a nymphet undressing in front of her.

a helpful mirror. In this isolation, in this distance

the vision acquired an incredibly spicy charm, which

she made me, a balcony spectator, run at full speed to the door.

to my lonely satisfaction. But with demonic suddenness gentle

the pattern of nakedness that had already received the gift of worship from me was turning into

the lamp illuminated the hideously bare elbow of a man in underwear

a man reading a newspaper by an open window in a hot, humid room.,

a hopeless summer night.

Jumping rope. Jumping on one leg on the

a panel marked up with chalk. The unforgettable old woman in black, who

she sat next to me on the park bench, on the torture bench

my bliss (the nymphet under me was trying to find

rolled glass ball), and who asked me-impudent

witch - does my stomach hurt? Oh, leave me in my

in a blooming park, in my mossy garden. Let them play around

me forever, never growing up.

By the way: I often asked myself what happened to them afterwards, with

these nymphets. In our iron-grid world of causes and consequences,

could not the shudder I had stolen from them have been a sign of the consequences?,

affect their future? She was mine, and she'll never know.

Good. But wouldn't it affect her later, wouldn't I have messed her up?

somehow in her future life by involving her image in the

your secret voluptuousness? Oh, it has been and will be the subject of great ones

and terrible doubts!

I found out, however, what they turn into, these charming people.,

crazy nymphets when they grow up. I remember walking once

in the late afternoon on a busy street, in the spring, in the center of Paris.

A small thin girl passed me on an ambulance

high-heeled footpath; we both looked back at the same time; she

She stopped and I walked over to her. Head. it barely reached to

my breast fur; her face was round and dimpled, like a child's.

it is often found in young French women. I liked her

long lashes and a pearl-gray tailleur that clung to her youthful body.

a body that still held (and that was the nymphic echo,

a chill of pleasure, a soaring in the loins) something childish,

mixed in with the professional frbtillement of her small

smart ass. I inquired about her price, and she immediately replied

with musical silver precision (a bird is a real bird!):

"Cent". I tried to haggle, but she appreciated the wild deaf

desire is in my eyes, looking down at her from this height.

round forehead and rudimentary hat (bouquet and bow): "Tant pis",

She said with a wink, and pretended to leave.

I thought: it was only three years ago that I could have seen her

coming home from school! This picture solved the problem. She led the way

take me up the usual steep stairs with the usual bell ringing,

notifying a gentleman who does not wish to meet another person

the master that the path is free or not free - a bleak path to

a nasty little room consisting of a bed and a bidet. As usual, she

First of all, I called for my petit cadeau, and, as usual, I

I asked her name (Monique) and age (eighteen). I was great

you are familiar with the banal tricks of prostitutes: you hear from all of them

this dixuit is a clear tweet with a touch of dreamy deception,

which they publish, poor things, up to ten times a day. But in this case

It was clear to everyone that Monica was adding rather than subtracting

I'm about two years old. This I have deduced from many details of her life.

a compact, chiseled and oddly undeveloped body.
7
 