- Lev Glevo... Lev Glebovich? What a name you have, my dear,

you can dislocate your tongue...

-"You can," Ganin confirmed rather coldly, trying to make a point.

to see the face of his companion in the sudden darkness.

I was annoyed at the stupid situation they were both in, and

this forced conversation with a stranger,

-"I asked your name for a reason," he said lightly

The voice continued, " In my opinion, any name...

-"Let me push the button again," Ganin interrupted.

-- Click here. I'm afraid it won't help. So: every name

obliges you. Lev and Gleb are a complex, rare combination. It's from you

it requires dryness, firmness, and originality. I have a name

more modestly; and the wife's name is quite simply: Maria. By the way,

Let me introduce myself: Alexey Ivanovich Alferov. I'm sorry, I

I think I stepped on your foot...

-"Very nice," said Ganin, groping in the dark

the hand that was poking at his cuff.-- And what do you think, we still have

how long will we be here?" It's time to do something. Damn...

-"Let's sit on the bench and wait," the voice said again.

a brisk and annoying voice is right in his ear.-"Yesterday, when I

When I arrived, we ran into each other in the corridor. In the evening, I hear, for

you cleared your throat with the wall, and immediately decided from the sound of the cough: a fellow countryman.

Tell me, how long have you lived in this boarding house? -"A long time ago. Matches at

do you have any? -"Not at all. I don't smoke. And the boarding house is a bit dirty, even though

Russian. I have, you know, a great happiness: a wife from Russia

It's coming. Four years, that's no joke... Yes, sir. And now don't

long wait. It's already Sunday.

-"It's so dark...- Ganin said, and cracked his fingers.--

I wonder what time it is...

Alfyorov sighed noisily; a warm, sluggish smell gushed out.

a very healthy, elderly man. There's something sad about

such a smell.

-"That means six days left. I assume she's in

He'll be here on Saturday. I got a letter from her yesterday. Very

it's funny how she wrote the address. It's a pity that it's so dark, otherwise it showed

would. What are you feeling, my dear fellow?" These windows don't open. --

I don't mind breaking them, " said Ganin. -"Come on, Lev

Glebovich; shouldn't we play a game of petit jo? I know

amazing, I compose them myself. Think, for example, of some

a two-digit number. Is it ready?

-"Dismiss me," said Ganin, and thumped his fist twice in the doorway.

the wall.

-"The doorman has been sleeping for a long time," Alferov's voice floated up.

that it's useless to knock.

-"But you'll agree that we can't stay up all night

here.

-"I think I'll have to. Don't you think so, Lev Glebovich,

what is something symbolic about our meeting? While still on

Terra firma, we didn't know each other, but it just so happens that

we returned home at the same hour and entered this room

together. By the way, what a thin floor this is! And under it--

the black well. So, I was saying: we entered here in silence, not yet ready to leave.

knowing each other, they swam up in silence, and suddenly-stop.

darkness fell.

-- What exactly is the symbol? - He asked grimly

Ganin.

-"But here, at the stop, in the stillness, in this darkness. "

waiting. At dinner tonight, this-what's-his-name guy... old

writer... Yes, Podtyagin...-"he argued with me about the meaning of our story."

emigrant life, our great expectation. You're not here today

we had lunch. Lev Glebovich? -- no. I was out of town.

-"Now it's spring. It must be nice there. Voice

Alferova disappeared for a few moments and when he reappeared,

he was unpleasantly melodious, because, to put it bluntly, Alfyorov probably

smiling:

-"When my wife comes, I'll go with her too.

city. She loves walking. The landlady told me that your

will the room be free by Saturday?"

-"That's right," Ganin replied dryly.

-- Are you leaving Berlin altogether?

Ganin nodded, forgetting that he couldn't see it in the dark.

he shifted on the bench, sighed once or twice, then became quiet and silent.

sugar whistle. He pauses and starts again. Minutes passed

ten o'clock, and then something clicked at the top of the stairs. -"That's better,--

Ganin chuckled. At the same moment, a light bulb in the ceiling flashed on, and

the whole cage, buzzing and floating up, was filled with yellow light.

Alfyorov blinked awake. It was in the old one,

a hoodie, a sand-colored coat, as they say,

He was wearing a demi-season suit, and he was holding a bowler hat in his hand. Light sparse hair

slightly disheveled, and there was something bast,

sweetly evangelical in his features, in his golden beard, in his eyes.

the turn of his skinny neck, from which he was pulling a mottled scarf.

The elevator caught shakily on the threshold of the fourth landing,

he stopped.

-"Miracles," Alfyorov smiled, opening the door.

I thought someone had picked us up at the top, but there's no one here.

Please, Lev Glebovich; I'll follow you."

But Ganin, wincing, gently pushed him out, and then,

When he got out himself, he slammed the iron door in his heart. Never him

I've never been so irritable before.

-"The miracles," Alfyorov repeated, " have risen, but no one else has

No. Also, you know, a symbol...

It was a Russian boarding school, and an unpleasant one at that. It was unpleasant

mostly the fact that day is day, and a good part of the night

the trains of the city railway could be heard, and that was why

the whole house seemed to be moving slowly somewhere. Entrance hall, where

there was a dark mirror with a glove rack and an oak desk.

the trunk, which was easy to bump into with a knee, narrowed in size.

a bare, very cramped hallway. There were three rooms on each side, each with a bathroom.

large, black numbers pasted on the doors: These were

just leaves torn out of an old calendar -- the first six

dates of the month of April. In the April Fools ' room - the first door

on the left-Alferov now lived, in the next-Ganin, in the third--

the owner herself, Lydia Nikolaevna Dorn, is a German widow

a merchant who brought it back from Zarephath twenty years ago and

who died the year before last of brain inflammation. In three rooms

to the right - from the fourth to the sixth of April-lived: old

Russian poet Anton Sergeyevich Podtyagin, Klara-buxom

a young lady with wonderful blue-brown eyes, and finally

-"there are ballet dancers in room six, at the bend of the corridor

Colin and Gornotsvetov, both giggling like a woman, thin, and with a smile on their faces.

powdered noses and muscular thighs. At the end of the first one

Part of the corridor was a dining room, with a lithographic " Secret

Vespers " on the wall opposite the door and with horned yellow deer

skulls on the other wall, above a pot-bellied sideboard, where there were two

crystal vases that were once the cleanest objects in the world

the entire apartment, and now tarnished with fluffy dust. After reaching the

in the dining room, the corridor turned at right angles to the right: there

further on, in the tragic and unpleasant wilds, were the kitchen,

a servant's room, a dirty bathroom, and a toilet cell in the kitchen.

the door of which had two crimson zeros stripped of their rightful names.

dozens, with whom they were once two different

Sunday days in Mr. Dorn's desktop calendar. Afterwards

a month after his death, Lydia Nikolaevna, a small woman,

a little deaf and not without oddities. I rented an empty apartment and

I turned her over to a boarding school, showing an unusual degree of respect for her.,

a little creepy ingenuity in the sense of distributing everyone

those few household items that she got in the past few years.

heritage. Tables, chairs, creaky cabinets and bumpy couches

they scattered to the rooms she was going to rent out and,

having thus separated from each other, they immediately faded,

they looked bleak and grotesque, like the bones of an unassembled skeleton.

The dead man's desk, an oak hulk with an iron handle.

inkwell in the shape of a toad and with a deep, like a hold, middle

I found myself in the first room, where Alferov lived, and vertyashchiy

the stool, once purchased with this table together, is lonely

he went to join the dancers in room six. A pair of green chairs

I was also divided: I was bored with one thing at Ganin's, and I sat in the other myself

the owner or her old dachshund, a black, fat bitch with gray hair

a muzzle and drooping ears, velvety at the ends, like fringe

butterflies. And on the shelf in Klara's room, it was for decoration

first few volumes of the encyclopedia. meanwhile, how are the other volumes

got to Podtyagin. Klara also got the only decent one

washbasin with mirror and drawers; in each of the other rooms

it was just a thick well, and on it was a tin cup with the same name on it.

with a jug. But I had to buy some beds, and this is Mrs. Dorn

I did it reluctantly, not because I was stingy, but because

I found some sweet excitement, some economic activity

pride in the way all of her former surroundings are distributed, and

in this case, she was annoyed that it was impossible to cut into the necessary parts.

number of parts of the double bed that she, the widow, has on,

it was too big to sleep in. She cleaned the rooms herself, didn't she

She didn't know how to cook at all, and she kept a cook,

the thunderstorm of the bazaar, a huge red-haired woman who lives on Fridays

I put on my crimson hat and drove to the northern districts

to trade in their seductive fatness. Lydia Nikolaevna in

she was afraid to enter the kitchen, and in general she was a quiet, timid person.

As she trotted along the corridor, her blunt legs mincing, she saw that

it seemed to the residents that this small, gray-haired, snub-nosed woman

not the landlady at all, but just a silly old lady caught in a car accident.

someone else's apartment. She folded up like a rag doll when she was on her own.

I quickly picked up the litter from under the furniture with a brush, and then

she would disappear into her room, the smallest of all, and read

some battered German books, or was she looking through them

her late husband's papers, which Aza didn't understand. One

only Podtyagin came into this room and stroked the black door.

affectionate dachshund, pinched her ears, a wart on her gray muzzle,

I tried to get the dog to give a crooked paw and told him

Lydia Nikolaevna about her agonizing old man's illness and about

the fact that he has been trying for a visa to Paris for a long time, six months, where

his niece lives, and where are the very cheap long crispy ones?

bread rolls and red wine. The old lady nodded her head, sometimes

She asked him about the other tenants and especially about Ganin,

who seemed to her not at all like all Russian young people

people who stayed at her boarding school. Ganin, having lived with her for three years

a month, was going to move out now, even said that he would release

a room this Saturday, but he's been going several times, right

I postponed everything, decided again. And Lydia Nikolaevna from the words of the old

the soft poet knew that Ganin had a friend. That was the point

the whole thing.

Lately, he had become lethargic and sullen. Not so long ago, he

He could walk on his hands as well as a Japanese acrobat.

throwing up his legs and moving like a sail, he could lift his teeth

chair and tear the rope on the tight bicep, In his body constantly

the fire played, the desire to jump over the fence, to loosen it

a pillar, in a word-to gasp, as we used to say in our youth. Now

some kind of nut loosened, he even began to hunch over himself

he confessed to Podtyagin that, "like a woman," he suffers from insomnia.

He didn't sleep well that night, either, from Sunday to Monday, after

twenty minutes spent with a cheeky gentleman in a stuck-up car.

in the elevator. On Monday morning, he sat naked for a long time, his hands clasped tightly together.

between my knees, cold hands stretched out, dazed by the thought,

that you'll have to wear a shirt, socks, and pants today, too-all that stuff.

Sweat and dust-soaked trash, and I thought about the circus poodle,

who looks terrifying, nauseating in human clothes

pathetic. Part of this lethargy came from idleness. Especially

he didn't have to work now, as he had saved up a lot of money over the winter.

a certain amount, of which, however, there were now marks left

two hundred, no more: these last three months have cost you a lot of money.

too expensive.

Last year, when he arrived in Berlin, he immediately found a job

and then, until January, I worked hard-a lot and in a variety of ways: I knew the yellow one

the darkness of that early hour when you go to the factory; I knew it too,

how your feet ache after running ten twisty miles

with a plate in hand between the tables in the restaurant "Pir Goroi"; &

he did other things, too, and took everything that came along for the commission.

bagels, and diamonds, and just diamonds. He didn't disdain it

nothing: more than once he even sold his shadow like many of us.

In other words, I went as an extra to shoot, out of town,

where in the farce shed, with a mystical squeak, the water began to boil

monstrous facets of lanterns aimed like cannons at the sky.

a deathly bright crowd of extras were being fired at point-blank range.

a killer glare, illuminating the painted wax of frozen faces,

they clicked and went out, but for a long time in these complicated panes of glass

smoldering reddish dawns: - our human shame. Deal

it was completed, and our nameless shadows were cast over the world.

The remaining money would be enough to get out of the city.

Berlin. But to do that, I would have to break up with Lyudmila, but how

break it up-he didn't know. And although he set himself a deadline of one week and

he announced to the hostess that he had finally decided to move out on Saturday.

Ganin felt that neither this week nor the next would change anything

nothing. Meanwhile, the longing for a new foreign land especially tormented him

it is in the spring. His window looked out on the railroad track, and

therefore, the possibility of leaving teased relentlessly. Every five minutes

the house began to walk with a subdued hum, then a huge mass of smoke

it rose in front of the window, blotting out the white Berlin day,

slowly it blurred, and then the fan of the canvas was visible again,

narrowing into the distance, between the black back walls, as if cut off,

houses, and above it all the sky, pale as almond milk.

It would have been easier for Ganin if he had lived on the other side

in the corridor, in the room of Podtyagin, Klara or the dancers: the windows are there

They were looking out on a rather boring street, with a sign hanging across it.,

a railway bridge, but where there was no pale, tempting water.

given. This bridge was a continuation of the rails visible from Ganin's window,

And Ganin could never get rid of the feeling that every train

passes invisibly through the thickness of the house itself; here he entered from the other side.

the ghostly hum of it shakes the wall, shakes the walls, shakes the walls, shakes the walls, shakes the walls.

he makes his way across the old carpet, bumps the glass on the table.

the washstand, goes out at last with a cold clang through the window, and

immediately behind the glass, a cloud of smoke grows, subsides, and you can see

city train erupted with a house: dull olive-colored carriages with

dark bitch nipples along the roofs and a short steam train, what, not that

the end is attached, quickly backs away, pulls the cars into the white line.

the distance between the blind walls, the soot blackness of which in places

it's chipped and sometimes covered with frescoes of outdated advertisements. And so

the whole house lived on an iron draft.

"I'd like to go away," Ganin would stretch his arms wistfully, and at once

but what about Lyudmila? It was funny to him that he

so limp. In the old days (when he was walking on his hands, or

jumped five chairs at a time) he was able not only to manage, but also

play with your willpower. Sometimes he would exercise her, force her to

for example, getting out of bed in the middle of the night to go out to work.

go outside and drop a cigarette butt in the mailbox. And now he couldn't

force yourself to tell a woman that he doesn't love her anymore.

The day before yesterday, she stayed with him for five hours.

Sunday, he spent the whole day with her on the lakes outside Berlin,

I couldn't refuse her this stupid trip. It's all up to him now

it was disgusting in Lyudmila: yellow shaggy hair, fashionably cut, two

streaks of unshaven dark hair on the back of her narrow nape;

languid darkness of the eyelids, and most importantly-lips made up to purple

gloss. He was disgusted and bored when after the fight

when she dressed for love, she squinted, which made her eyes narrow.

immediately became unpleasant-shaggy, and said: "I, you know,

I'm so sensitive that I'll notice you as soon as you start loving me.

I'm smaller." Ganin did not answer, but turned to the window, where he was sitting.

a white wall of smoke would grow up, and then she would chuckle through her nose and say:

she would call in a muffled whisper: "Well, come here..."

I wanted to wring my hands, so that they crunched sweetly and drearily

gristle, and calmly say to her: "get out of here, mother, goodbye."

Instead, he was smiling, leaning toward her. She wandered sharp,

like fake fingernails on his chest and protruding lips,

she blinked her jet-black lashes, miming what she thought she was doing.,

a resentful girl, a capricious marquise. He could smell her

perfume, in which there was something untidy, stale, elderly,

even though she was only twenty-five years old. Did he touch it

with my lips all the way to her small, warm forehead, and then she's done.

she forgot - her lie, which she, like the smell of perfume, is everywhere

dragged along, the lie of children's words, refined feelings,

orchids of some sort, which she seems to love passionately, of some sort

Poe and the Baudelaires, which she'd never read, she'd forgotten all that stuff.,

than thought to captivate, and fashionable yellowness of hair, and swarthy

powder, and pig-colored silk stockings, and all my friends.

with a weak, pathetic, useless body, she clung to Ganin, throwing her arms over her head.

head.

Both pining and ashamed, he felt like a senseless

tenderness - a sad warmth that remains where it is very much needed.

fleetingly glided once love, - makes him

snuggle without passion to the purple rubber of her yielding lips,

but this tenderness did not drown out the calm mocking voice,

he was advised: "what if you throw her away right now?"

Sighing, he looked at her upturned face with a quiet smile.

he couldn't answer her when she clung to his shoulders and held on to him.

in a kind of volatile voice , not the same nasal whisper as before--

begged, all flew away in words: "But tell me at last," he said.

do you love me?" But when I saw something in his face, a familiar shadow,

an involuntary sternness - she was again remembering what she needed

enchant - with sensitivity, perfume, poetry - and was accepted

pretending to be a poor girl again, then an elegant one

a courtesan. And Ganin would get bored again, and he would walk along the river.

rooms from window to door and back, yawned to tears, and she,

As she put on her hat, she watched him out of the corner of her eye in the mirror.

Clara, full-bosomed, all in black silk, very cozy

the young lady knew that her friend was visiting Ganin, and to her

it made her feel sad and uneasy when she told her about him.

your love. It seemed to Clara that these feelings should be quieter,

no irises or violin screams. But it was even more unbearable,

when a friend, squinting and blowing cigarette smoke through her nostrils,

I began to pass her still cold, terribly definite messages.

details after which Clara saw monstrous and shameful things

dreams. And lately, she'd been avoiding Ludmila for fear that

a friend will completely ruin something huge and always festive for her,

which is called the cute word "dream". Acute, several times

Ganin's haughty face, his gray eyes with glittering arrows,

diverging around particularly large pupils, and thick, very large, and very large eyes.

dark brows that made up when he was frowning or watching intently

I listened, one solid black line, but the doors swung open.,

like light wings, when a rare smile bared him for a moment.

beautiful, wet-white teeth, those sharp features I liked so much

Klara didn't say that she was lost in his presence in the same way as before.

I wish I could talk, but I kept patting my chestnut hair

a hairstyle that half covered her ear, or she adjusted it on her head.

Her breasts were creased in black, which made her face stand out straight

a lower lip, and a second chin was coming up. However, with Ganin

she didn't meet often, only once a day for lunch, and that was all

I once had dinner with him and Lyudmila in that nasty beer hall where the old man was a little girl.

he ate sausage and cabbage or cold pork in the evenings."

At dinner in the dreary boarding-house dining-room, she sat opposite Ganin,

since the landlady has placed her tenants in approximately the same area as

in the same order as their rooms were located: so Klara

I sat between Podtyagin and Gornotsvetov, and Ganin between them.

Alferov and Kolin. Small, black, and melancholy-prim

the figure of Mrs. Dorn herself at the end of the table, between the faces of each other.

powdered, simpering dancers cross the table to each other,

which are fast-fast with some bird antics

when people spoke to her, she seemed very inappropriate, pathetic, and self-deprecating.

lost. She herself spoke little, constrained by her easy speech.

deafness, and only made sure that the huge Erica in time

she brought and took away plates. And every now and then its tiny,

a wrinkled hand, like a dry leaf, flew up to the hanging bell and

it faded again, with a faint yellow flash.

When Ganin came in at about two-thirty on Monday morning

in the dining room, everyone was already assembled. Alferov, seeing him,

He smiled affably and rose to his feet, but Ganin did not shake hands.

Nodding, I took my place next to him, cursing in advance

a clingy neighbor. Podtyagin, a neat, unassuming old man,

who did not eat, but ate, noisily sucking and holding his left hand

He peered over the windowpanes at the napkin tucked into his collar

pince nez on Ganin and then with a vague sigh again

he began to eat his soup. Ganin, in a moment of frankness, once told me

he had told him about Lyudmila's heavy love and now regretted it. Colin,

his neighbor on the left handed him a plate with trembling care

supa also looked at him so insinuatingly, so smiled

his strange, hazy eyes made Ganin feel uncomfortable. Between

Meanwhile Alferov's oiled tenor voice was already running to the right,

who objected to something said by Podtyagin, who was sitting opposite him.

him.

-"You shouldn't be complaining, Anton Sergeyevich. The most cultured country.

Not a match for our side.

Podtyagin flashed his glasses affectionately and turned to Ganin.

-- Please congratulate me, today I was sent a visa. Right now

wear the order ribbon and visit the president.

He had an extremely pleasant voice, quiet, without any trace of emotion.

increases, the sound is soft and matte. Full, smooth face, with gray hair

with a brush under the lowest lip and a receding chin,

it was as if it was covered with a solid reddish tan, and gentle eyes.

the lines were fading from his clear, intelligent eyes. In profile, he looked like

like a big gray-haired guinea pig. -"I'm very glad," he said.

Ganin.-"When are you going?" But Alfyorov didn't let the old man answer

and he went on, twitching his thin, golden-haired neck out of habit.

hair, with a large bouncing Adam's apple.

-"I advise you to stay here. What's wrong with that? This, so

say, a straight line. France is more like a zigzag, and Russia is ours, the one

-"just a squiggle. I really like it here: and work

it is possible, and it is pleasant to walk on the streets. I'll prove it to you mathematically.

what if you really live somewhere?..

-"But I'm telling you," Podtyagin interrupted gently, " the mountains

papers, cardboard coffins, folders, folders without end! Shelves below them

they're just bursting in. And the police official, while he found mine

last name, almost died from the strain. You can't afford to

imagine (with the words "and imagine" Podtyagin is hard and

plaintively moved his head), how much a person needs to suffer,

to get the right to leave from here. Just how many forms do I have

filled it out. Today I thought they'd knock my exit visa...

Wherever there is... We were sent to shoot, and the cards are only available in the evening

they will be ready.

-"It's very correct," Alfyorov nodded, " it should be so

to be in a decent country. This isn't a Russian mess.

have you noticed, for example, what is written on the front doors?

"Only for gentlemen." This is significant. Generally speaking, the difference is

between, say, our country and this one, you can put it this way:

imagine a curve first, and on it...

Ganin, not listening any further, turned to Klara, who was sitting there.

against him.

-- Lyudmila Borisovna asked me to tell you yesterday,

I want you to call her as soon as you get home from work. "

about the cinema, I think.

Clara thought confusedly, " how can he say that so simply

about her... After all, he knows that I know... " She asked.

decency: -"Oh, did you see her yesterday?"

Ganin raised his eyebrows in surprise and went on eating. -- I don't

I quite understand your geometry, " Podtyagin said softly,

carefully scraping breadcrumbs into the palm of your hand with a knife. How

most aging poets, he was inclined to be simple

human logic.

-"Why, it's so clear," Alfyorov said excitedly,--

imagine that..

-"I don't understand," Podtyagin repeated firmly.

he lifted his head slightly and poured the crumbs into his mouth. Alferov

he quickly spread his hands and knocked Ganin's glass over. -"Oh, I'm sorry!.. --

Empty, " said Ganin.

-"You're not a mathematician, Anton Sergeyitch," he went on fussily

Alferov.-"I've been using numbers like a swing all my life.

I used to say to my wife, " Since I'm a mathematician, you're a mother-and-stepmother."..

Gornotsvetov and Colin burst into thin laughter. Mrs. Dorn

startled, she looked at them both in dismay.

-"In a word: a number and a flower," Ganin said coldly.

Only Clara smiled. Ganin began to pour himself a glass of water.

they watched his movements.

-"Yes, you are right, most delicate flower," he drawled.

Alfyorov looked at his neighbor with his brilliant, absent-minded face.

with your eyes.

-"It's a miracle how she survived those years of terror. I'm here

I am sure that she will come here blooming and cheerful... You are a poet,

Anton Sergeyevich, describe such a thing as femininity,

beautiful Russian femininity, stronger than any revolution,

it survives everything-adversity, terror...

Colin whispered to Ganin: "Here he is again... Yesterday already only and

there was no question that his wife..."

"What a vulgar fellow," thought Ganin, looking at the moving beard

Alferov, " and his wife must be quick... Don't change this one

-"sin..."

-"Today's lamb," Lydia announced suddenly

Nikolaevna, in a wooden voice, looked from under her brows at the tenants of her apartment.

inattentively eat roast meat. Alfyorov bowed for some reason and said:

continued:

-"You should not have chosen such a topic, Father.-- (Podtyagin

he shook his head gently but firmly.)-"Maybe when

If you see my wife, you'll understand what I mean... By the way she's

very fond of poetry. You'll complain. And I'll tell you something else...

Colin tapped furtively to the beat, glancing sideways at her.

Alferova Street. Gornotsvetov quietly rolled with laughter, looking at the finger

your friend.

-"And the main thing," Alferov kept saying, " is that it's with Russia --

it's over. Washed it off, as you know, if you smear it with a wet sponge

on the blackboard, on the painted face...

-"However...- Ganin chuckled. -"I don't like listening, Lev

Glebovich? -"I don't like it, but I'm not bothering you, Alexey Ivanovich. -"Well,

you then consider maybe that... -"Ah, gentlemen," he said.

Podtyagin interrupted in a dull, slightly lisping voice.

politicians. Why politics?

-"But still, Monsieur Alferov is wrong," she suddenly interjected.

Clara quickly adjusted her hair.

-"Is your wife coming on Saturday?" -- across the table

Colin asked in an innocent voice, and Gornotsvetov chuckled in his face.

a napkin.

-"On Saturday," Alfyorov replied, putting down his plate of tea.

half-eaten mutton. His eyes, glistening.

with a belligerent light, they immediately went out thoughtfully,

-"You know what, Lydia Nikolaevna," he said, " we met yesterday with

Gleb Lvovich got stuck in the elevator. -"Compote," said the lady

Mandrel-pear, the dancers burst out laughing. Erica, pushing with her sides

elbows of those sitting at the table, she began to clear away the plates. Ganin

he carefully folded the napkin, wedged it into the ring, and stood up,

He didn't eat anything sweet.

"It's so skinny...- He thought as he walked back to his room,--

So what do I do now? Go out for a walk or something?.."

This day, like the previous ones, passed sluggishly, to a certain extent.

tasteless idleness, devoid of the dreamy hope that

makes idleness lovely. Inaction weighed heavily on him now,

but there was no case. Turning up the collar of an old macintosh I bought

for one pound from an English lieutenant in Constantinople, and

He shoved his fists firmly into his pockets and waddled slowly. ,

I staggered through the pale April streets, where they floated and swayed

black domes of umbrellas, and stared for a long time in the window of the steamer house.

look at the wonderful model of Mauritania, at the colored cords,

connecting harbors of two continents on a large map. And in depth

There was a picture of a tropical grove, a chocolate-colored palm tree on the edge of the lake.

a pale brown sky.

He sipped coffee for an hour, sitting by the huge clean window, and

I looked at the passers-by. When he got home, he tried to read, but

what was in the book seemed so strange and out of place to him,

that he dropped it in the middle of a subordinate clause. On it

found what he called " the scattering of the will." He didn't move

in front of the table, he couldn't decide what to do: change it

body position, whether to get up to go wash your hands, whether to open the door

the window behind which the overcast day was already turning into dusk ...

it was a painful and terrible state, somewhat similar to that of the previous one

the heavy melancholy that engulfs us when, having already come out of sleep, we

we can not immediately open our eyelids, as if forever stuck together. And so

Ganin felt that the murky twilight, which was gradually coming on, was beginning to fade.

the room was filling up, filling it with everything, turning the blood itself

into the fog, that he doesn't have the strength to stop the twilight obsession.

he didn't have the strength because he didn't have a certain desire, and

the torment lay precisely in the fact that he was vainly searching for desire. He's not

he could force himself to reach for the lamp to turn it on.

It seemed to him an unthinkable miracle that this simple transition from intent was possible.

to its implementation. Nothing adorned his colorless melancholy,

my thoughts crawled incoherently, my heart beating softly, my underwear bothering me

it stuck to my body. Then it seemed to him that right now he should write to

A letter to Lyudmila, firmly explaining to her that it's time to stop this conversation.

a dim novel, then he remembered that in the evening he needed to be with her

go to the cinema, and for some reason it was much more difficult to decide

call to cancel today's meeting, rather than

write a letter, and so he couldn't do either.
